Magalie Marcellus: Hello. Can you hear me.
Kaley Montgomery: Hi. Sorry, I can
Kaley Montgomery: OK, I can hear you now. Cool.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, good as carry
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, Kaylee.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, my name is Maggie. Nice to meet you on the episode.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you in our area where you can talk
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, there's a little bit of background noise but it shouldn't be too much.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'm, I'm doing the your assessment. It may take up to 45 minutes. And this is just to get some background history and everything is confidential.
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, so as assessment and possibly 45 minutes. Yes. I just like to jot everything down.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. And again, everything is confidential. The only if there's any concern for your safety or other people, then we may have to take some actions. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you getting the signal. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Because if you like.
Kaley Montgomery: Is it on your end, yeah. It is freezing, a little bit. I can still hear everything that you're saying
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right, well we gotta get through it. So I'm spell your last name for me.
Kaley Montgomery: Montgomery mo in
Kaley Montgomery: TG o m, er, why
Magalie Marcellus: And how old are you,
Kaley Montgomery: 24
Magalie Marcellus: And what butcher to our program.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, well, I've been in and out about treatment. I believe that's what it's called an outreach program for almost three years and I quit them. I just didn't feel like they were giving me everything that I needed and the people that I went
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I lost you for a minute.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So we're talking about. You mentioned that you are an outpatient program about three years.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, that's great. And you felt that you're getting some your needs met. So
Kaley Montgomery: That's correct.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So how are you referred to this program.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, my friend. She. I don't know how she found out about you guys, but she found out about you guys and had told me I should, you know, kick that last place and come here. So that's what I did.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. What was the name of the program you last attended
Kaley Montgomery: Humid up humid up. It's like you, Ma da op or something.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So a little bit with the substance abuse history. So what was your drug of choice.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, well, I did Percocet, for a short period of time. I wasn't any more unique than anybody else. But I didn't, you know, hit rock bottom or anything. I just couldn't deal with the withdrawal symptoms. So I
Kaley Montgomery: Chose to take care of it and take care of it as quick as I could. So therefore, I found a an outpatient program that that prescribed because I had started buying them on the street.
Kaley Montgomery: Just to feel okay and I and I had to buy Suboxone and it would give me very, very bad headaches and like, blurred vision, so when I got into the doctors I requested study Jackie. That's what I've been on ever since. So three years going now on 32nd clean
Kaley Montgomery: On behind your fan. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: It was okay, and where you prescribe or what made what
Magalie Marcellus: Mindset.
Kaley Montgomery: My boyfriend just kind of introduce them to me.
Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And how old were you when this started
Kaley Montgomery: About 1920 it's been about four years or so now
Magalie Marcellus: And you use it for about how long
Kaley Montgomery: It was a short period of time, I'd say maybe six to 12 months to okay
Magalie Marcellus: And was there any other drugs and in between.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, yeah. So I was taking Adderall in between. I felt that I needed a prescription for those honestly
Kaley Montgomery: I just took them on the street illicitly but I felt like I needed a prescription for those. I still haven't got diagnosed for ADHD or my
Kaley Montgomery: Child either, but
Kaley Montgomery: They really made me focus and alert and attendance and
Kaley Montgomery: It helped me a lot. As far as getting through, like the withdrawals of the opiates and, you know, being able to focus on finishing up GED classes so
Kaley Montgomery: That was also another issue. Another issue was
Kaley Montgomery: Cocaine. So I did have some issues with cocaine also
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And we're
Magalie Marcellus: All on the same time.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, all around the same time. Yes, but obviously the coke. It wasn't really an addictive thing so much visually more mentally. So I was able to kick that way easier than I was, you know, the physical withdrawal drugs.
Magalie Marcellus: So was there any heroin or any other type of substance.
Kaley Montgomery: No, no, I've never tried one before. No.
Magalie Marcellus: So what made you
Magalie Marcellus: What made you decided to finally. Okay, I need to seek
Magalie Marcellus: Treatment what happened.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, the physical withdrawal that I was in during
Kaley Montgomery: Phone is that
Magalie Marcellus: While I was on the sentence through
Kaley Montgomery: Experience.
Kaley Montgomery: I was very clammy irritable just restless. I couldn't sleep. I, I just shaky body store. Yeah, pretty much all the symptoms, I guess you'd get with heroin just not as an as it as it as extreme so
Magalie Marcellus: That's okay. Now, did you try to quit on your own.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: How long were you successful with it.
Kaley Montgomery: I'm not very successful at all because
Magalie Marcellus: I knew after
Kaley Montgomery: A Yeah. Not very long. I'd say maybe a day or two at a time because I don't have to, like, separate the the intervals, as far as staying
Kaley Montgomery: I don't know how to explain it simply because when you're trying to do it on your own. You have to go find some way to be able to manage life. So I thought to be able to get up every day.
Kaley Montgomery: Out of that.
Kaley Montgomery: So I will find you know so be tech or Suboxone on the street, just to
Kaley Montgomery: Start to add to show cares it all my
Magalie Marcellus: So you can function. Okay, great, great.
Magalie Marcellus: So the heaviness, or the most severe
Magalie Marcellus: How much were you using
Kaley Montgomery: Um, I, I never did more than than a 15 and I only did those a couple times. So really, I was just doing fives and 10s and I did them as frequently as I don't know every other day. At first, it started out just maybe once a week and then it got
Kaley Montgomery: pretty extreme as as the months went on.
Kaley Montgomery: So I'd say I'd say probably every day after about six months time
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And it was like up to
Kaley Montgomery: 10 milligram. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How was your life like when you were using that frequently
Kaley Montgomery: Well, it was, it was okay. I felt like I was in control. I don't know why I just had a lot of energy and I didn't mind it until obviously I didn't have the drones.
Magalie Marcellus: And I couldn't get up.
Kaley Montgomery: OUT OF BED AND NEXT DAY. So if I didn't have it. Then I was on functional, but of course you know any addict, things are in control of their habits.
Magalie Marcellus: And they're
Kaley Montgomery: Wrong, so
Magalie Marcellus: Because you needed something to make you feel okay
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And did your the substance use, how did that affect your
Magalie Marcellus: Work ambition shape.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, so I couldn't, I couldn't go to work every day, like I used to without having the medication on it. Obviously, I didn't, you know, I was more functional on it. Then I felt like I was
Kaley Montgomery: Prior to even getting addicted to it. It didn't take a toll on me like that, of course, like I said, I didn't get to hit rock bottom. So
Kaley Montgomery: I you know I quickly found out, obviously I was addicted. I needed help, and I hurried up and got into treatment. So I didn't really get to experience a lot of downfalls and spiral out and rituals and and all that, like, unfortunately, a lot of other people had to do.
Magalie Marcellus: Was there any
Magalie Marcellus: I'll come back then, but any like issues with the family in a relationship difficulty because of the substance use.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, no. I took care of my daughter still maintained. I lived with my grandparents. I was in a relationship. It was a little bit toxic obviously because we both using drugs.
Kaley Montgomery: We neither one
Kaley Montgomery: We just kind of both got into it at the same time. So we neither one expected that. But I, I come from a family of of addicts. So I guess it's kind of just hereditary
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: You never experienced any seizures or any overdose, anything like that.
Magalie Marcellus: No. No. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And you only did one treatment and that was
Kaley Montgomery: That place. Yeah. So I've been with humid up for three and a half years, but
Kaley Montgomery: I when I left that program I had gotten to an emergency doctor
Kaley Montgomery: It's like a walk in clinic where they describe pregnant people, you know, the medicine until further notice. And then once I got in with you guys. I
Kaley Montgomery: Have been here ever since I've been here a little over a month now, but I was with someone for like a month just as far as like emergent in
Magalie Marcellus: Between. Gotcha. Okay, you say for pregnancy, where you Magneto
Kaley Montgomery: I am right now yeah 30
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. Congrats. Do you know what you haven't
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, it's a boy, I got a daughter, she's eight I get the ball.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes you should. The whole wow you like towards the end there.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, I am. I'm ready. My backstory here and
Magalie Marcellus: I came around
Magalie Marcellus: And you haven't added expense an issue with the pregnancy and being under
Kaley Montgomery: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: On the
Kaley Montgomery: safest thing for me so
Kaley Montgomery: Um, I didn't intend on getting pregnant while being addicted to study time I did start to type very
Kaley Montgomery: Good. And as far as I know 30% of babies go through withdrawal or even experience which are also understand that my son isn't one of them. But even if he goes, I still have all the measurements, ready to go.
Magalie Marcellus: And so forth. Yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: I took a class.
Kaley Montgomery: On it. So I know
Kaley Montgomery: Exactly what to look for.
Magalie Marcellus: Us. Good. Sounds like you're getting itself. Everything in line to make sure you
Kaley Montgomery: We have right but my daughter is eight, so I didn't do drugs while I was. I didn't do drugs with this baby either. It's just the subject is a drug in itself.
Magalie Marcellus: So there why
Kaley Montgomery: You got to be cautious about that so
Kaley Montgomery: It's totally different this time around.
Magalie Marcellus: And who's your support person.
Kaley Montgomery: My grandma is my biggest support person, but I'm also a big support person on myself. I, I just, I'm very happy and content with myself. I live on my own, with my daughter. I've lived on my own since I've been 19 years old and I work hard for everything that I have. So I'm also
Kaley Montgomery: A border of myself.
Magalie Marcellus: And and this the child's progress is
Magalie Marcellus: A ball.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned your grandmother, so you don't live with your grandmother anymore.
Kaley Montgomery: No, I haven't lived there since the beginning of my 19 year life so
Kaley Montgomery: Oh, let's go on. So you've been on your on premise.
Magalie Marcellus: Or you know relationship now.
Kaley Montgomery: I'm know me and my, this baby's father just kind of separated. I moved into a two bedroom obviously to accommodate me and my children, and we aren't really working out so
Kaley Montgomery: We're just taking measurements on toxic from each other. He don't really understand addiction and I don't have a lot of time to try to happen on this, you know, people have that one.
Magalie Marcellus: Is he struggling with any substance.
Kaley Montgomery: I don't
Kaley Montgomery: I don't know, I guess marijuana and alcohol.
Magalie Marcellus: Um, you ever attended any support groups like any any
Kaley Montgomery: All the time.
Kaley Montgomery: I'm actually in the band. I was going today we made you do three a week, so I will do a full week for a very long time.
Magalie Marcellus: You have a sponsor.
Kaley Montgomery: Sponsor now.
Magalie Marcellus: Any past history of mental health treatment.
Magalie Marcellus: Depression.
Kaley Montgomery: Know, actually, when I was at that all emergency clinic. I haven't assessment done there too. And they said that, I think she's wearing me a one on depression. I think so.
Kaley Montgomery: My one, buddy. Dr.
Kaley Montgomery: Peter. Yes, said like, I don't want to see the first I'll say
Magalie Marcellus: Mine. Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: Maybe it's because it wasn't addicted for so long that it's completely out of control, what's going
Kaley Montgomery: To happen you know
Kaley Montgomery: I didn't get to that stage, and when I so
Magalie Marcellus: I'm actually
Magalie Marcellus: I also had to
Kaley Montgomery: Struggle with that as well. Right, so I'm not even I'm I got my section eight i don't i'm not currently employed, but I have helped
Kaley Montgomery: As far as paying the bills and everything. So I own my own vehicle. I read my apartment and and only pay half of the bills. I'm currently not working pregnant on my second child and silver. So I'm going
Magalie Marcellus: To your content.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. So why would you say is your greatest stress right now.
Kaley Montgomery: Newborn baby on the way that you decide
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So were you ever given any medication for any of those mentioned, I know you mentioned you were taking the Agile off the streets where you will never diagnosed with any
Magalie Marcellus: Attention deficit or anything like that.
Magalie Marcellus: So no previous medication for any mental health.
Condition.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of wanting to
Magalie Marcellus: harm yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Or other people so Hamada people
Kaley Montgomery: Know, I've been a little bit provocative in my life, but not actually more mature, I guess you could say, I've been. I've been needed by see
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, when you say aggressive
Kaley Montgomery: I don't know. It just depends on on how someone comes towards that, or just affects
Kaley Montgomery: My mood. I don't know. I'm not, I'm not crazy person off the grid. If I guess you could say. But if someone is, you know, putting your hands on here. So I'm definitely self defense medicine. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And for your family history who weighs you
As a job.
Magalie Marcellus: Where were your parents.
Kaley Montgomery: My dad, I don't
Kaley Montgomery: I still don't actually as an adult and my mother was just getting out of prison.
Magalie Marcellus: So it was your maternal grandmother. Your Mom's Mom.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So as far as, you know, did your mom ever had a history of mental illness.
Kaley Montgomery: Maybe more of the trauma that will disorder as a child could have caused that. But
Kaley Montgomery: I mean, for the most part. Now, I think that drugs made her mentally ill.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you have a relationship with her.
Yes.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And you say never had contact with your dad.
Kaley Montgomery: No, not really.
A little bit when I was the, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: The know if he had any drugs issue.
Kaley Montgomery: No, not that I'm aware of. I know he was a marijuana smoker and a drinker, but
Kaley Montgomery: Not big heavy drugs.
Magalie Marcellus: As you're growing up your parents whenever in the same house or anything.
Magalie Marcellus: Like that.
Magalie Marcellus: And siblings brothers.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, he has my dad has a I don't know nine kid my mom has three other kids.
Kaley Montgomery: So I grew up.
Kaley Montgomery: But it grew up with them, but of course I was more close to those kids and I was my father's
Magalie Marcellus: So the three from your mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Were they in your with grandmother's well
Kaley Montgomery: I'm know they live with her dad.
Kaley Montgomery: So my sister had her own father and her grandparents, so she resided with and then my little younger brother and sister live with their pocket.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so they're younger than you.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, I'm the oldest
Magalie Marcellus: Are you in contact with them.
Kaley Montgomery: Oh, yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: My little brother he he's hard to, I don't know. He just all over the place. But my sisters. Yes, I speak to my sisters
Magalie Marcellus: How old are they
Kaley Montgomery: My sister. Brandi is 2322 22 and my other sister is 18 and my brother is
Magalie Marcellus: How old is your brother 1616 ok
Magalie Marcellus: So the agent and the six in there with their on
Kaley Montgomery: Their Dad Yes. That's good.
Magalie Marcellus: Any concern with drugs with any of them.
Kaley Montgomery: My sister. Brandi, the one that is 22
Kaley Montgomery: She, she
Kaley Montgomery: Has an addictive mind and mindset. I think maybe kind of RAM for my mom, but she is also addicted to some tech
Magalie Marcellus: Issues.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, actually.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Sorry.
Kaley Montgomery: Now she's in treatment.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, she was going to happen. Then she changed to healing mark. Sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: What's your marital status right now.
Magalie Marcellus: You
Kaley Montgomery: Know,
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, I'm just taking out the house. Sorry.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you're the oldest of your mom children, but you don't know where you are with your dad.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, yeah, I'm the oldest of them children to my dad have
Both
Kaley Montgomery: On both sides.
Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: My dad has a step daughter, she's older than me. Of course, that's not his actual daughter so that doesn't have the biological children, you're the oldest
Kaley Montgomery: Yes. Absolutely right.
Magalie Marcellus: And how would you describe your childhood.
Kaley Montgomery: Good, because I lived with my grandparents and they
Kaley Montgomery: They had a decent money growing up. So I got a lot of everything that I wanted, including so I got materialistic love and I got, you know, physical love to. So I haven't pretty made. That's why I'm just kind of disappointed in myself as far as
Kaley Montgomery: doing stupid stuff and getting addicted to drugs, my girlfriend's really don't. My grandma's a good supporter of me as far as everything goes, besides the whole understanding of the semi tech addiction. So now she just feel like I'm catching on one thing from another person. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When it takes time to get fully our bodies thing.
Magalie Marcellus: Actually it
Kaley Montgomery: And it does. And I wish that she had more of an open mind about going to, you know, maybe a meeting or something to understand more about how how it works. And in that you're not getting high off of this. It's just helping
Magalie Marcellus: To maintain. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: So your grandma. How often do you
Magalie Marcellus: keep in contact with her.
Kaley Montgomery: Oh, me and my daughters are there all the time. So she comes in. She stayed for a couple days with this coronavirus thing now she's
Magalie Marcellus: My rice and away.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: And you
Kaley Montgomery: Know it's very dangerous. I heard that some woman actually died while being pregnant from it. So that's pretty scary.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it is. And just to take whatever question you need so
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned in school, you got your DVDs for half an hour to get in school.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, so I stopped in 10th grade because I was pregnant with my daughter, get ready to have her. I went over to homeschooling and I failed at that. So I just went back in 2008 and I did mercy my GED. I actually got high school diploma. What I did was
Kaley Montgomery: They were offering. So it took us DNA and I got my esteem, a licensing and I passed my work keys is what they're called, to get an actual high school diploma.
Magalie Marcellus: So it's an actual high school diploma or you are doing the
Magalie Marcellus: Same
Magalie Marcellus: That is nice, in a sense.
Kaley Montgomery: Yep, that's the nursing assistant
Kaley Montgomery: For all kind of the elderly.
Magalie Marcellus: Nurse. Gotcha.
Kaley Montgomery: I guess you have to take a state. So it is kind of more or less. You really don't do anything as far as taking bladder taking vitals are you just kind of nursing home 15
Magalie Marcellus: Older or support to the older person.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I know. Each state has a different title fight.
Kaley Montgomery: But yeah
Magalie Marcellus: And you say you did that in
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, so I just finished in 2019 so everything's all done.
Magalie Marcellus: Her. I mean, sorry about last year.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you get to work in that
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, so I had a job for seven months at
Kaley Montgomery: A place called assisting hands out of Delaware, Ohio.
Kaley Montgomery: A nifty little drive so I I stopped working there because it was just putting a lot of wear and tear on my body in my vehicle. I just found out that I was pregnant, shortly after I started working there and I have really done one
Kaley Montgomery: was expecting a lot of driving for me and I was like a
Kaley Montgomery: Drive far distances without having to stop on highway to throw my brains up so
Magalie Marcellus: And just
Kaley Montgomery: Didn't work out well at all.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, the old people enjoy me. I'm very happy and gotta, you know, talking, talking about for days.
Magalie Marcellus: Make sure they like that support to have a being able to have a conversation with somebody else besides
Magalie Marcellus: Right there is
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, that's good.
Magalie Marcellus: Money once everything's federal
Magalie Marcellus: You, they love because they don't get to touch them. So everybody can get
Magalie Marcellus: Some time I'd another individually, enjoy.
Kaley Montgomery: A relationship with them mostly more than the kids or grandkids, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: When I present. Right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully once everything is set or you back, you know, baby.
Magalie Marcellus: Ready, go back to
Magalie Marcellus: Something experience now.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, I didn't know that it was just a little too far. But I was kind of desperate.
Magalie Marcellus: Desperate times call just wanted something to do
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So friends. So tell me about your friends.
Kaley Montgomery: Um, I have just actually probably two or three total they've had for years and years and years. And I just really don't like to
Kaley Montgomery: Call a lot of people friends because they're just really not so someone I consider to be my friend is is Morgan, she
Kaley Montgomery: Has been my friend since we've been like 12 years old and she's like a sister and my friend, Brittany, that's actually here right now she's, she's been friends since we were 12 years old. She was a
Neighbor.
Kaley Montgomery: Living like like three houses down from each other. So we, we took
Magalie Marcellus: A long time
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah okay longtime friend.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and any issues with substance with any of those friends that you
Kaley Montgomery: Spend time, my friend, Morgan is completely sober. She used to smoke marijuana. The other
Kaley Montgomery: Do that anymore.
Kaley Montgomery: My friend Britney. She used to smoke marijuana before she got on probation. So she don't do anything either. So
Kaley Montgomery: Everybody go clean up here.
Magalie Marcellus: porcine yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: And as a child. Was there any history of abuse or neglect.
Kaley Montgomery: Know, I felt like I had a really good childhood, hopefully.
Magalie Marcellus: Any sexual abuse or sexual assault.
No.
Kaley Montgomery: No no no no call
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And right now, you say you for
Magalie Marcellus: Employment use stopped because of the distance and now the pregnancy.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, yes. I also received my section eight so i don't i'm not required, but if I work, I will not have assistants, helping to pay the bills.
Kaley Montgomery: Apartment here.
Kaley Montgomery: That's all covered pretty much the utilities.
Kaley Montgomery: Included and everything so
Kaley Montgomery: I don't think that's an issue. The only thing I really have issues with incoming money because, of course, I just got my axes. And then we got the government stimulus money.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm a bit
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: Just long enough to have a seven weeks to have a baby and then hopefully
Kaley Montgomery: I can get right back here. The only issue. I don't have a license so little bit difficult starting to back and forth to
Kaley Montgomery: A base of job.
Magalie Marcellus: So I happened to license.
Kaley Montgomery: I got into a car accident. I didn't have insurance so they suspended them and
Kaley Montgomery: Toxic now Carrie and I are going to, I have to pay a reinstatement $350 I have to go to this program thing that pops in any on
Kaley Montgomery: The name my license plates my ID and everything, so I gotta pay for those
Magalie Marcellus: Cheese.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, it just a lot
Magalie Marcellus: Of and
Kaley Montgomery: I didn't have a baby. So how to start completely over from scratch and buy everything
Kaley Montgomery: My tax money music all of that.
Magalie Marcellus: And yeah, but what's your daughter's name.
Magalie Marcellus: For me,
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And she's a
Kaley Montgomery: She'll be in August.
Magalie Marcellus: Which is still seven
Kaley Montgomery: Themselves to
Kaley Montgomery: The tablet.
And
Magalie Marcellus: Out.
Kaley Montgomery: Of the house.
Magalie Marcellus: I know, sir. How you doing with them.
Magalie Marcellus: On schooling with
Kaley Montgomery: Oh, she she just got her great parties got to see all A's and what have you. So the theater and math, which I I'm
Kaley Montgomery: I'm not very good with
Kaley Montgomery: With maybe because I struggle with it.
Kaley Montgomery: Obviously it's first grade math, it's not as hard as whatever I have to deal with.
Kaley Montgomery: But it's still something that I struggle with him. I guess maybe that's partaking in her activities for
Kaley Montgomery: Sure. But other than that, we got her see up the language arts. It was just a few missing assignments that also caused it to be such a low grade.
Magalie Marcellus: Have a wood seeing everything
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: I love her team structure and I like to, you know, organize my house very organized
Kaley Montgomery: Have routine show certain organization agenda like to read
Magalie Marcellus: That, for sure. Yeah, and helps the kids so to know what to expect.
Kaley Montgomery: Mother for so long. And since I was so young, too. So I know what I'm getting myself into a
Kaley Montgomery: Lot of starting all the way over completely is just a little bit just hone in on top of having to be
Kaley Montgomery: Something
Kaley Montgomery: Like I wake up some mornings, like I used to be like when I didn't have to depend on these pills and that really took a toll on your life.
Magalie Marcellus: Again, you know, it's for good reason because you know that all the alternative is that better.
Kaley Montgomery: Right. Right. And not being on the street doing
Kaley Montgomery: I'm so thankful for the programs that they have now because when I was speaking to my counselor and I was out for a long time, they would put in bestow and I bring that you know they didn't get the kind of things and amenity that we get now.
Kaley Montgomery: People and then how to just get off the drugs hard for and how to leave them alone.
Kaley Montgomery: They didn't get the option to do or doing them. So I'm really grateful that the same time, I don't believe that this House is for, like, it's your it's your call. Because you get a better view on the whole drug abuse idea versus what they had. So I don't know.
Kaley Montgomery: We had a lot of artists standpoint.
Magalie Marcellus: And is different.
Kaley Montgomery: They were better because they they have to go without any medication.
Kaley Montgomery: Cold turkey, just to get off drugs.
Magalie Marcellus: When that everybody can manage
Magalie Marcellus: That way, so that's why there's
Kaley Montgomery: Other options. Right. That was one of my big issues with
Kaley Montgomery: The doctor. The doctor was a foreign so he didn't really have a lot to say. And whenever he did say stuff like, I really didn't understand him but
Kaley Montgomery: The counselors, they were just rude and and they would just sometimes the grade, you can almost assume that they were helping you by, like, I don't know, jumping down your
Kaley Montgomery: Skin and hard on your back, but I didn't look at it like I just feel like sometimes you gotta give a little bit, but mostly support and and kindness gets the long
Magalie Marcellus: Day. Mm hmm. Absolutely. Because it's not enough.
Magalie Marcellus: It's not to judge a person, you have to provide support.
Kaley Montgomery: Right. Right. And I didn't feel like as if I were being judged so much because they always had a story behind them as to
Kaley Montgomery: How they ended up where they were mostly that they would, they were drug addicts at some point. That's how their counselor down, but the same time they will always make yourself seem better because the counselors who will face addiction and overcame it
Kaley Montgomery: Made it
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah. Yes, so they can make you feel like a little and I really like that.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: That didn't work out.
Kaley Montgomery: Again here.
Magalie Marcellus: But you still stuck to it. So that's important because, you know,
Kaley Montgomery: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: You needed to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: For yourself. Yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: When you're when you're addicted to a medication you find any way to figure out what you gotta do to get it done.
Kaley Montgomery: And they were very proud of you all the time I was here.
Kaley Montgomery: You know your people were paid
Kaley Montgomery: On time that's that's very appreciative. But at the same time.
Kaley Montgomery: They just got paid for us being there and I just felt like they would be honest you already have the about us not showing up to a to a meeting.
Kaley Montgomery: More or less, because if we wasn't there, they wasn't getting our insurance money and they weren't getting paid. I didn't really feel like there's so much out of the heart that they care that we wasn't there. So that was a big issue for me also that I had a quick
Kaley Montgomery: And, you know, people have lives even though they were drug addicts, whatever you have kids lives and jobs. Some people would have to, like, I don't know, just go through hell of that trying to make making their job in China.
Magalie Marcellus: Well yeah thing is everybody have to have your personal account accountability to make sure that you know you're doing your part, sometimes you know programs do work with you, but they don't want you to feel that you're not taking it serious
Magalie Marcellus: So as long as you know you doing what you need to do for yourself and you'll get
Kaley Montgomery: Too high. And then they will just try to like
Kaley Montgomery: You know, build something down because you've already set
Your expectations.
Magalie Marcellus: Which is unrealistic for the person
Kaley Montgomery: So sometimes, you know, I would have to miss something and they will just lose it, and I'm like,
Kaley Montgomery: Crazy. I can't keep doing it anymore.
Kaley Montgomery: So I just had to find somebody that was understandable as far as I have life and I have to work a job and I have my daughter has to go to school in the morning, so I can do one in groups. And then in the afternoon, how to be at work. So
Kaley Montgomery: I wasn't able to make another one. After I started working sitting on my feet. They were more
Kaley Montgomery: For being sober and clean and getting mentioned together than they were happy for me, I think, more or less, because the insurance, you know, they're not getting paid for us not being there and they look at it like we didn't care about our personal variety. But if we were so
Magalie Marcellus: Even though you are maintaining
Kaley Montgomery: It.
Kaley Montgomery: You know, drug testing sober.
Kaley Montgomery: All the groups. Like I almost got kicked out because I missed so many groups in a month. And I'm like,
Kaley Montgomery: I can't keep feeling like I'm walking on eggshells, and I can't keep my, on my end anytime news this prescription and I have to
Kaley Montgomery: Walk on eggshells just to keep my research and just put me in my life. So I need somewhere that is going to help me, you know, help them so much, appreciate you being a part of their, you know, their service. I appreciate them to be.
Kaley Montgomery: That's what made me whenever we had to get out of there and a lot of people realize before I did, but I just so young and I didn't really care. One thing I care about is making sure that I got my my medicine. I was sober and obviously you're doing whatever they
Kaley Montgomery: Want on my feet and
Kaley Montgomery: They did not like the whole they wanted you to just be down and out and need them for everything. And I didn't wanna
Magalie Marcellus: That's unfortunate.
Magalie Marcellus: Sounds like you know what you want a new making sure that you take care of yourself and
Magalie Marcellus: That's commendable.
Magalie Marcellus: So what can I have is the have can
Kaley Montgomery: Have
Kaley Montgomery: A social
Kaley Montgomery: Networking.
Kaley Montgomery: Always on social network always
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: Are you posting stuff.
Kaley Montgomery: I like to post my belly like
Kaley Montgomery: Okay.
Kaley Montgomery: I used to be really bad about her. I kind of slowed down a lot now though, as I got older than normal. And I said, I don't post her as much anymore as I used to. But when she was my one and only God. People were like, I'm so sick and tired of seeing your child.
Kaley Montgomery: I am so I was just very proud of her. And I had a young and I just the only thing I regret in life is is trying drugs that I had to go through physically addicted to
Kaley Montgomery: Like the cocaine. I don't really regret, which sounds horrible. I understand. But I just never. It was just more like the party substance growing up as a young child, I had that you know are you drinking and do whatever it was never something that held on to my life where I have
Kaley Montgomery: A mixtape and cried and cried and cried because I was in pain.
Kaley Montgomery: from not having it once I got with my boyfriend we was together about four years and he never actually okay either. And what was crazy because you don't hear very often you know someone's boyfriend.
Kaley Montgomery: Get you addicted to drugs have never been addicted to judge yourself either we just kind of women.
Kaley Montgomery: full fledged together on it and he came out with no scars no scratches. He didn't get physical with with all that I did shake
Kaley Montgomery: He didn't have to understand where
Kaley Montgomery: That separated us because you know how to build it, how he kind of looked at me like you're a junkie, or you're
Kaley Montgomery: A wink ya.
Magalie Marcellus: Know, and that's the thing, because everybody's body is different, your reactions are different. So you may be using the same drugs, but things are different when it comes to the withdrawals so
Kaley Montgomery: mad at him because he wasn't
Kaley Montgomery: Withdrawing like I might. His, His wasn't clear meaning that you didn't have like restless nights and
Magalie Marcellus: And
Kaley Montgomery: You know, he just was normal. And I'm like, How can you be so normal and not to like, share, so we just started to fall apart because you'd be okay without the medicine, but you
Kaley Montgomery: Wanted to and I had to do because I needed to
Kaley Montgomery: I couldn't even worse bobbing we're working out one acre myself.
Kaley Montgomery: And I came so far. And you know he he calls me still, to this day, like I'm so proud of you.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, good.
Magalie Marcellus: So easy or any of the, the oldest
Magalie Marcellus: Father.
Kaley Montgomery: Father.
Kaley Montgomery: Either step father figure to her that we were
Magalie Marcellus: Together for a year. So she was about four years old and she knew
Kaley Montgomery: Her Daddy, daddy, so she does.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and any legal issues for you.
Kaley Montgomery: Know, thank God. I don't have any
Kaley Montgomery: Trouble. I have absolutely no background I got caught with a blind. A couple times so
Kaley Montgomery: And they'll have some minor misdemeanors.
Kaley Montgomery: License nobody driving without a license on that though I i I'm very thankful I didn't let you know the worst, the better of me so
Kaley Montgomery: I'm just happy about that.
Magalie Marcellus: And what would be your, your primary goals. Right now, things you want to accomplish short term goals.
Kaley Montgomery: I'll get my license back is definitely one of the biggest short term goal that I have, especially now with the large amount of money that I have, you know, just sitting in the bay.
Kaley Montgomery: That's something that really has to be done. Getting tires on the car and making sure that it's jammed up or whatever. So that back and forth to the big doctors my demo don't have to have so much stress, but on her.
Kaley Montgomery: And then just
Kaley Montgomery: Nesting cleaning the house keeping it clean, trying to maintain my daughter schooling and focus on being healthy pregnancy and come home with a healthy, happy baby. I just for the fact that
Kaley Montgomery: I know what it feels like to withdraw can imagine what it might be like for a newborn baby to go through withdrawal for a little while, it just
Magalie Marcellus: puts me in a
Kaley Montgomery: Horrible state of mind like
Kaley Montgomery: I feel so horrible, like I really did something wrong, but never be charged me like
Magalie Marcellus: You're not doing anything. You don't know what's going to happen any right and
Magalie Marcellus: You don't know why he's gonna respond
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And again, you know, this is it's better than alternative
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah. Right. Right.
Kaley Montgomery: You know, people here when that's how
Kaley Montgomery: That actually based on this praying of mine is the one that's
Kaley Montgomery: All that I prayed for done
Kaley Montgomery: You know the right way, the right way.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And again, you mentioned that you've been
Magalie Marcellus: Reading on it and get information. So that's the
Magalie Marcellus: Best thing you can do to educate yourself so you know what to expect when the baby does come
Kaley Montgomery: Exactly right. Talk to my
Kaley Montgomery: Doctor my doctor that was actually about while before I finally got to that accommodates for
Magalie Marcellus: Sure, good.
Kaley Montgomery: My friend babies over here and he's just starting everything
Everything.
Magalie Marcellus: Again to everything.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, they do. So everything that i i i didn't know i needed to be. I don't know what I need to be
Magalie Marcellus: Oh yeah, for sure.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll find them right
Kaley Montgomery: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other thing that you
Magalie Marcellus: Needs or eventually that lead down the line, you know, with them climate and stuff, but for nice many do think you mentioned correct
Kaley Montgomery: I'm sorry I didn't catch what you thought was
Magalie Marcellus: I was saying in terms of the goals. Eventually, once the baby's there.
Magalie Marcellus: And ready the new go back to work.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, I plan to be back at work. I'm going to sign backup Metallica from my, my children, one feet, you know, maybe one or two months old or so. So
Magalie Marcellus: I just don't want to. Depending on what's going
Magalie Marcellus: On with this whole thing right now two
Magalie Marcellus: Things going to take people just
Kaley Montgomery: Kind of tend to be in a baby face just because it's a baby. And that's just how they are. You never know.
People
Kaley Montgomery: Like to ride in mouths and
Magalie Marcellus: Just hand or right now everything is social distance
Kaley Montgomery: I'm kind of grateful in a way for the pandemic, it's
Kaley Montgomery: It's acknowledged me a lot. As far as educational, you know, I've learned to
Kaley Montgomery: Do things that I've never learned to do before.
Magalie Marcellus: And everything I was like why it's
Kaley Montgomery: worth keeping my kids in home and and learning how to homeschooling big thing is
Magalie Marcellus: Teaching them how to. Yes, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Well side.
Magalie Marcellus: By our ties things
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: So there's
Magalie Marcellus: Another prospectus. For sure. So, yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: I think I was too friendly father. So now that I'm just
Magalie Marcellus: Me myself.
Magalie Marcellus: You're learning to do that.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, when the social person.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, but
Magalie Marcellus: Again, this is
Magalie Marcellus: Saying, We don't know.
Kaley Montgomery: What we can do. And so we're faced with it.
So,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and which
Kaley Montgomery: I think an online group meeting. It's called the room or something.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not sure.
Kaley Montgomery: I do started once I got into this emergency doctor. They had given me a list of all mine.
Kaley Montgomery: Works in chat rooms and stuff like that. Get into as far as know transportation. I told you, transportation was an issue, a little bit for me working around my schedule is a little difficult. So they have just given me the option to be pregnant.
Magalie Marcellus: Down the line.
We want
Kaley Montgomery: So I got into that a little bit. I read a lot of like, I don't know, little prayers and in my little thing that just make me happy and satisfied.
Kaley Montgomery: It's little things like that that I cling on to and then sometimes you really don't know what you might get from somebody else. It really could be meaningful, and it could just
Magalie Marcellus: Mean absolutely not sharing
Kaley Montgomery: Your other people
Magalie Marcellus: Right, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: This is why it is important because everybody's learning from each other. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, and that's my
Kaley Montgomery: Lesson right
Magalie Marcellus: So right now, for us, the group you're assigned to which one is that is that Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday.
Kaley Montgomery: Wednesday at one o'clock.
Kaley Montgomery: And I just did my first one and I enjoyed it. I just like to say that I can get a feel of but then I realized that nobody in the group is going to be the same people.
Kaley Montgomery: Every time so I kind of just started then opening my mouth a little bit because whatever I say might mean something to them and I might never be in a group with the same people again. So that's my email or feedback.
Kaley Montgomery: I'm not at all.
Magalie Marcellus: You know doesn't sound to me like you are
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I think so.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you determine
Yes.
Kaley Montgomery: Young and determined. So once you've dealt with a lot of trials and tribulations during the other person. It doesn't really matter what age it just kind of like this, those on. Those are like you don't even seem 24, you're probably about 34 and head.
Magalie Marcellus: And yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you grew up quick. Yeah, we're
Kaley Montgomery: Fortunate but i i i have no issue with that on. I'm not really grateful that I had to live the life you know the mother Ronaldo grandparents. But I don't complain about it because I am who I am from it and
Magalie Marcellus: Again, I'm glad you're able to find this program.
Magalie Marcellus: To have Petunia and hopefully you know you continue in your journey which are recovery and
Kaley Montgomery: Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: So for now.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm telling everybody because we get in quite a few patients. So if there's anything you need to meet with me just call virtual clinic and they'll get in contact with me. Then I schedule you so if if everything is okay, I'll just check in with you in a few weeks, and we can schedule something
Kaley Montgomery: Sure, yeah. So I was told that it was only required for this one time. But I asked you if she recommended me to little bit more frequently.
Kaley Montgomery: Coming from a place where you have to go
Kaley Montgomery: So often to see a doctor once a week and then you have to see a counselor three times a week and then you have to do individual sessions I just used to having them like content and you know I feel so I have no problem. Maybe at least once a month or something.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah, I can do that.
Magalie Marcellus: So what are my. Oh yeah, um,
Magalie Marcellus: So how
Magalie Marcellus: Does a good book. So what time. Was this your appointment six o'clock. Alright, so without I can do, I can lock you into they wouldn't schedule somebody else and that
Magalie Marcellus: What are you doing anyway.
Kaley Montgomery: And do June 3 so I might have around the time of June with talking
Magalie Marcellus: To
Kaley Montgomery: Me.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so I can give you. I will take a look. One quickly make shadow
Magalie Marcellus: There's a conflict with the schedule.
Kaley Montgomery: Right, it
Magalie Marcellus: Takes a while for this to come up
Magalie Marcellus: With your life baby behind you there.
Kaley Montgomery: Yes, thank you, she when she was born, she has
Kaley Montgomery: So much in an eight years ago, really.
Kaley Montgomery: We're not really work with a lot of autonomy, so
Magalie Marcellus: I have
Kaley Montgomery: A Children's Hospital for Children. She had acid reflux over the years I've been big hospitals to go. What was wrong with her what I could
Do
Kaley Montgomery: And the nurses up there were just so it's down. They were like, oh my god, that
Kaley Montgomery: She was so beautiful. I had a woman. I MEAN, THE STORY. SHE WAS REAL today.
Kaley Montgomery: She was before I actually couldn't believe myself how beautiful she was
Kaley Montgomery: It was it was a miracle. It was
Magalie Marcellus: Something we babies are especially with a full head of hair.
Yes.
Kaley Montgomery: I'm actually doing online appointments every other week with my ob gyn so we're trying to like narrow down, you know, until it's absolutely necessary.
Magalie Marcellus: To actually have a
Kaley Montgomery: Doctor's office, trying to get me from every other week until I don't know the end of May, or something.
Magalie Marcellus: Right until you're ready.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, so just keep it.
Magalie Marcellus: The less less exposure, the better.
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, that's true, but I didn't miss out on the whole, get my belly measured in actually here in heartbeat and
Magalie Marcellus: Just kind of getting the go
Kaley Montgomery: Yeah, all my thing is
Kaley Montgomery: It's good for transportation. But then it just feels like it's taking so long to go by.
Kaley Montgomery: Because nothing to really look forward
Magalie Marcellus: To hopefully
Magalie Marcellus: It's gonna be so that he can get those in person. Okay, I tell you what you further six o'clock. Typically, I'm for individual I have the Wednesday. So will that be an option for you if I do may 13
Magalie Marcellus: Which is a Wednesday at six o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kaley Montgomery: One at one o'clock, and I said,
Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Actually, no.
Kaley Montgomery: I wouldn't be running
Magalie Marcellus: I just noticed because I'm Wednesday's if you have good
Kaley Montgomery: I'll tell you one second.
Magalie Marcellus: When you have group, I cannot schedule the center so I can do. May the week before
Kaley Montgomery: The week before
Magalie Marcellus: May 7 at
Kaley Montgomery: 660 again. Okay, I buy a afternoon they gave me time to get nice homework.
Kaley Montgomery: Done, all that good stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And I only have
Magalie Marcellus: Afternoon. I mean even really so so yeah I'll put you in for the seven at six o'clock may 7
Kaley Montgomery: Okay. Is there anything in particular that you would like me to maybe do his homework for the time being, maybe like
Kaley Montgomery: I don't know, like counselor or therapist, just say hey maybe tell me one thing in a month's time from now, what what it is that you accomplish or I don't know it's just kind of
Kaley Montgomery: Okay, I've
Magalie Marcellus: Got
Magalie Marcellus: Salsa. Yeah, but I'm going to leave it open right now just to check in, where you are and if there's anything specific that you want us to address. We can do that, but for the first session, you know, a lot has gone. I'm sure you have a lot to talk about.
Kaley Montgomery: So I'll just give it all.
Magalie Marcellus: To you don't have an
Kaley Montgomery: open discussion. Okay, very
Kaley Montgomery: Good luck on Saturday.
May 7
Magalie Marcellus: All right. All the best to you and I'll see you soon.
Magalie Marcellus: Take care of yourself. Bye bye.
Thank you.